=The Crow Princess of Fortune=
=Episode 17=
I know this isn't right.
Are you lecturing me?
I wouldn't dare.
Hmph.
You wouldn't dare?
Your father being foolish is one thing,
but how can a lucky star like you
be even dumber than a jinx?
Xiao Suisui is only five, yet she already
knows how to stand up for Father,
make money, and win people over. But you?
All you ever say is useless nonsense.
Come here.
Everything I'm doing
is for your own good.
You're the Emperor's grandson.
One day, you'll inherit the throne.
If Xiao Heng doesn't die,
your father's position won't be secure.
Do you understand?
Chun'er, take him back to the palace.
Yes.
The Imperial Preceptor said
Xiao Heng must pass through Luoyan Slope
this time on his way to Jiacheng Pass.
The Imperial Preceptor
has already set up a formation there.
Once Xiao Heng enters,
he won't make it out alive.
The Imperial Preceptor
really knows what he's doing, Mother.
You...
Little Princess.
Please stop blowing that thing.
I'm already hard of hearing.
If you keep blowing that loudly,
I'll really go deaf.
Ouch. Tell me, where did Father go?
Little Princess, please stop asking.
Before Prince Jing left,
he specifically told us
not to let you know about this.
Everything Prince Jing did
was for your own good.
Hmph.
Ouch.
What are you doing?
Uncle Shiwan.
Ah.
You've hidden quite a lot
of silver notes under your pillow.
This...
What are you trying to say?
Oh dear.
My little pouch feels so empty.
Shouldn't it get fed a little?
Little Princess,
please don't get
any ideas about this money.
I've been saving it for over ten years.
This is my retirement money.
Please don't...
And on your ceiling beam too.
Quite the treasure stash
you've got there.
But that spot isn't very safe.
What if an eagle
snatches it away someday?
What do you mean
an eagle snatching it away?
Ahahaha.
Little Princess,
now that you mention it,
I suddenly remembered everything.
Hahaha.
Prince Jing left early this morning.
I heard he took the official road.
He should arrive
at the government office
near Luoyan Slope before dark.
A wise man knows when to yield.
Ouch...
Don't worry.
I'm not interested
in your little savings.
Ouch. That's great.
Come on. Let's go find Father.
Yes. I'll go pack right away.
Suisui, something bad happened!
Suisui!
Suisui, your father...
What happened to Father?
What happened to Prince Jing?
There's an ambush at Luoyan Slope.
The Imperial Preceptor
set up a formation there.
If your father walks into it,
he won't make it back out.
- Uncle Shiwan. Prepare the horses.
- Yes. Prepare the horses! Go!
Be careful!
(County Office)
This way, please.
Your Highness.
The heavy rain ahead
washed out the official road.
I'm afraid you won't
be able to continue tonight.
We've already
prepared a guest room for you.
Please rest here for the night.
Would it be alright
to continue tomorrow morning?
Thank you for the trouble.
You should all get some rest too.
Yes.
Father.
Father, where are you?
I'm scared.
Suisui?
That's Suisui's voice.
Could Dajun have failed to stop her?
Father, come save me!
Don't be afraid, Suisui. Father's here.
♪Little lucky star,
twinkling with a wink at me♪
♪Every Chinese New Year day brings
the luckiest fortune slip♪
♪The God of Wealth favors me,
the Matchmaker ties red strings for me♪
♪With firecrackers going off,
good things keep coming one after another♪
♪Make a wish on the very first day
of the Chinese New Year♪
♪By the second day,
my belly's already round♪
♪Always talking about dieting,
but the chub never disappears♪
♪Good food brings joy
and happiness every single day♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
every year is filled with joy♪
♪I'm bringing blessings to everyone♪
♪Hands clasped together in greeting♪
♪May every family be sweet and happy♪
♪With lucky stars shining bright,
may everything go your way♪
♪Endlessly flowing♪
♪Good fortune♪